Ode to #Covfefe, 2016

I have no celebrities left to fire.
The daily monotony is getting quite dire.
Melania is old now and quite a bore.
Even berating the help feels like a chore.
The banks won’t stop calling, my payments are late.
Looks like bankruptcy once again is my fate.

If I don’t get cash soon, I’ll get so hysteric,
Do I take from my offspring or maybe just Eric?
So in my Manhattan Tower I sit all alone,
When suddenly there’s a ring on my solid gold iPhone
My heart leapt at the voice, like an angel from heaven
The country code confirmed — Russia (+7)

“For President”, Vladimir says, “this year you must run”
 I will make sure White House, for you, will be won.
Hillary, nasty woman, has squeezed my goods tight.
With sanctions and mean words she chooses to fight.
She denies me my oil and my plans for Ukraine.
You owe me and I’ll not suffer years of her reign.”

Fear not, I implore him, I will announce today…
To build a great wall and hide the Muslims away,
To call Mexicans rapists, all stealing our work,
To show China is winning, that international jerk.
To cast doubt on the media and deny climate change,
To denounce the unions and be all around strange.

To run the country like a business is what I’ll say.
While so-called judges and experts protest my way,
The voters believe me because I use the best words,
Since my ignorant fans have no love for the nerds.
Boring Jeb, Little Marco, Lying Ted, Carly’s face,
None of them can keep up with my blistering pace.

Women’s rights? Family leave? Equal pay? What are those?
Protect guns, coal, and tax cuts is what I’ll propose.
I’ll bring up Benghazi and email again and again
Also promise to eliminate ISIS with a stroke of a pen.
Lets break all our trade deals and climate accords.
All in first hundred days, for Best President awards.

My foes want my taxes, but release them I’ll not.
I can grab all I want and avoid getting caught.
Spout macho nonsense and my base sees a leader,
Unlike that woman, who’s a boring old reader.
They’ll rally for me and beat up the Blacks,
While Russians provide victory with powerful hacks.

Mitch McConnell is gutless, as is Paul Ryan
They’ll do what I say, unlike that Kenyan-Hawaiian
Their oath of office is what they most cherish?
They’d rather steal from the poor and let them all perish.
Gerrymandering allowed them to consolidate power
While their personal wealth grows bigly each hour.

This job will be easy since I have the best brain.
Jared can do all the work and fill the swamp I will drain.
My Trump train is rolling as I drop my last rhymes.
It cannot be stopped by the failed New York Times.
The most tremendous reality show is ready for shooting
Lets make America Great Again for myself and for Putin.
